# Meeting Notes (minutes)

* PROJECT NAME: A web platform for handling remote mentoring/supervision
* STUDENT NAME: Mehmet Zorlu
* STUDENT_ID: 2328759z
* SUPERVISOR NAME: Dr. Sofiat Olaosebikan 

Click to go back to [Home](https://github.com/MehmetZorlu07/remote-mentoring)

## Week 2 - 29/09/2020 (Duration: 1 Hour)
Dr. Olaosebikan and I introduced ourselves to each other and discussed the project broadly. We decided that our primary aim will be to develop the core of the web platform which includes students who study as Undergraduates and above selecting from the project proposals of the supervisors. After that a small testing and evaluation will be held in order eliminate bugs and faults of the platform to have a strong core. The testing may be a collaboration of 20-30 supervisors and about 100 students that Dr. Olaosebikan has already contacted. I will be looking at similar projects and research papers in order to get an idea about the implementation and design of the project. 

## Week 3 - 06/10/2020 (Duration: 1.5 hours)
I briefly went over what has been achieved in week 2. While talking about the core of the project, we realised some potential problems. Firstly, there might be a balancing problem between the number of academics and the researchers. I proposed an idea of either manually or automatically locking down the registration feature to the platform in case of an unbalancing. For example: If the number of researchers are too many, do not show the registration page until the ratio is stabilised again and vice versa. Second issue was about the actions needed when there are researchers who might waste the time of the academics by doing unethical actions such as applying to project and not taking the work seriously. I proposed the idea of a marking/reporting system for the researchers where the feedback will be given by an academic at any time they want to. This feedback will be delivered to the administration board to be investigated and the admin will have the right to ban/remove/unassign the researcher. Due to these functionalities, we decided that an admin interface will be handy and also for checking the statistics of the platform. Dr. Olaosebikan proposed that it will be better if the availability of a project and an academic is determined by a capacity feature which will be determined by an academic so, we agreed on applying it. Another issue was about whether or not giving the academics the ability to choose a researcher for a project by looking at their profiles. We agreed on that they should have a chance to select the researcher and to make their work easier I suggested that the results of matching algorithm can also be used to show the best matching researchers with the project to the academic. Finally, Dr. Olaosebikan suggested that the matching of researchers to the projects should be done in a certain time period such as once in every month so, we decided that the users will be able to propose, apply and view the projects at any time but there will be no matching except certain dates. This will also be controlled by the admin interface by giving an option of open/close the matching system or again automate the system. 

## Week 4 - 13/10/2020 (Duration: 0.5 hours)
I showed what has been achieved so far in week 3, which mainly included the front-end development of the landing page. Dr. Olaosebikan approved the initial design ideas and we agreed on that a live carousel might be better for the categories displayed. However, I should find a proper way of filtering the images so that no copyright problems arise in the future. Additionally, Dr. Olaosebikan proposed the idea of reviewing after a mentoring is finished by rating over 5 stars and leaving a comment. Finally, I showed my whole-year plan just to be on the same page. 
